# ChatGPT on Graphics

### Name0: Aiden
### Name1: Eduardo
### Name2: Kaitlin
### Name3: Jing

---

## Background
Your goal is to get ChatGPT to create a program that meets all the requirements of our graphics engine up to the latest assignment. This includes:
* Drawing lines
* Drawing circles, and Bezier and Hermite curves.
* Maintining an edge list of points.
* Being able to perform & potentially combine transformations, rotations and dilations.
* Being able to save and display the images.
* Being able to correctly read in files using the graphics scripting language we've developed.

Some Notes:
* Please stick to C, Python or Java as the language of choice.
* Don't let ChatGPT use an existing graphics engine, it's got to work as hard as you have!
* If the program has multiple files, feel free to get ChatGPT to create a makefile for you.
* If you get it to create a useable grpahics engine, see if it can generate an image that shows off its capabilities.



## Task 0: Setup
Only one member of your group needs to have an account to use ChatGPT, if someone has one already, go ahead and use that. If not, pick one person to sign up, the simplest method to sign up would be to authenticate with google and use your stuy.edu email address. Authentication will require recieving a text message, so pick someone that has easy access to their phone.

You can find ChatGPT here: <https://chat.openai.com/chat>

## Task 1: The First Program
### Your Prompt
Provide below the first description you gave ChatGPT:

"write a python functions that can create a 2d array of pixel color values representing a screen"

### The Code
Crate a folder in this repository called __0-program__ containing all the relevant code initially created by ChatGPT.

### Your Analysis
Answer the Following Questions after seeing the initial program.

#### Question 0
Overall, how well did ChatGPT do?

Chat GPT got everything right, it was initially difficult to get it to do exactly what we wanted, but once we figured out a specific angle to reach it, it went a lot easier.

#### Question 1
What did ChatGPT get right?

Chat GPT got everything right except for the line algorithm where it put the color pixel code outside of the loop, could have just been an indentation error, we told it as such and it corrected it's mistake.

#### Question 2
What did ChatGPT get wrong?

Chat GPT made an indentation error or a logic error when it didn't include code to color a pixel inside of the while loop but had it outside of the while loop.

#### Question 3:
How much of the code generated by ChatGPT do you understand?

All of it, it was very python-esque

#### Question 4:
How does ChatGPT's approach different from yours?

Chat GPT's approach was a lot more functional than mine, I (Aiden) created objects for everything. This is because we didn't specify that it should create objects and we built out the components one by one rather than it generating the entire engine in one step.


## Task 2: Refinement
if possible, run the code made by ChatGPT. Based on your answers the questions above, and your observations about how the program runs, ask ChatGPT to improve the code. ChatGPT will generally understand that you are asking to make changes to your inital prompt, so you don't need to restate the enire problem, instead, ask for specific changes or improvements.

Provide each prompt you gave ChatGPT bellow. Give each prompt a header like this :`#### Prompt X` where X is a counter starting at 1.

#### Prompt 1
"write a python functions that can create a 2d array of pixel color values representing a screen"

#### Prompt 2
"add to this code, add a function that will draw a line on the array of pixels using Bresenham’s line algorithm"

#### Prompt 3
"shouldn't the screen[y0][x0] = color line be inside the while loop"

#### Prompt 4
"write a function that will save a screen as a p3 ppm file"

#### Prompt 5
"call the line function 8 times with different lines"

#### Prompt 6
"add a function that uses the python PIL library to display a given screen"

## Task 3: The Final Program

Include the final program created by ChatGPT in this repository in a folder called __1-program__.



